BSPIMX8M-3640: imx8mp-libra-fpsc: head: Update CANFD note in imx8mp l… (#331)
phytec/doc-bsp-yocto: source/bsp/imx8/imx8mp-libra-fpsc/head.rst

found in the Linux Kernel
documentation: https://www.kernel.org/doc/html/latest/networking/can.html

.. note::

>    The switch s6 must set to ON to use the CAN FD1 and simultaneously
>    switch s7 must set to ON for CAN FD2 working.

Reviewer: These switches are for the bus termination resistors. And do not necessarily need to be switched on, if the bus termination resistors are mounted externally. Also please use S6 and S7 with a capital S.
```suggestion
   The switches S6 and S7 are switching the 120 Ohm bus termination resistors.
   For proper functionality of the  CAN FD interface, the bus needs to be
   terminated. If no external bus termination resistors are mounted, the 
   switches S6 (for CAN FD1) and S7 (for CAN FD2) need to be set to ON.
```
